README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# Creating a Personal Website (Using Quarto)

<!-- badges: start -->

[![GitHub Actions pkgdown
workflow](https://github.com/uf-repro/quarto-website-intro/workflows/pkgdown/badge.svg)](https://github.com/uf-repro/quarto-website-intro/actions?query=workflow%3Apkgdown)

<!-- badges: end -->

## Description

Quarto is a new and versatile tool for writing content in markdown and
publishing to a multitude of formats. This workshop will operate as a
*Getting Started* guide for using Quarto to create a personal website.
Along the way, attendees will learn about other uses of Quarto and using
GitHub Actions for continuous deployment.

## Prerequisites

This lesson assumes you know:

-   have some familiarity making *repos* and *commits*
-   know how to synchronize repos from your computer to GitHub

Such as via <https://uf-repro.github.io/friendly-github-intro/>

## Learning Outcomes

By the end of the workshop, participants will be able to:

-   describe the principles of Quarto documents
-   create a basic website in Quarto
-   describe the workflow for continuous deployment
-   deploy a Quarto website using GitHub Actions

Commit message:

update to use blogdown instead of quarto

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# Creating a Personal Website (Using Blogdown)

<!-- badges: start -->

[![GitHub Actions pkgdown
workflow](https://github.com/uf-repro/blogdown-website-intro/workflows/pkgdown/badge.svg)](https://github.com/uf-repro/blogdown-website-intro/actions?query=workflow%3Apkgdown)

<!-- badges: end -->

## Description

Blogdown is an extension of R Markdown, focusing on creating websites.
This workshop will operate as a *Getting Started* guide for creating a
website in Blogdown, using GitHub Pages to host the website, and GitHub
Actions for continuous deployment.

## Prerequisites

This lesson assumes you know:

-   have some familiarity making *repos* and *commits*
-   know how to synchronize repos from your computer to GitHub

Such as via <https://uf-repro.github.io/friendly-github-intro/>

## Learning Outcomes

By the end of the workshop, participants will be able to:

-   create a basic website using Blogdown
-   host a website on GitHub Pages
-   describe the workflow for continuous deployment
-   deploy a Blogdown website using GitHub Actions
